continues the season of formula 1
with the twelfth date run this
Sunday at the circuit of
spa-francorchamps in belgium on behalf of
How easy it is for them to talk to me about the lion
thanks for joining us in gray fish
sebastian vettel seeks his victory 42 in
the highest category and to get it
will be exceeding in the third place of
all the times
ayrton senna da silva instead prince and
different ways of forecasting in the
formula one has resulted where is the
lewis hamilton option or Nico Rosberg
phil which is any other pilot 11
direct duel between two competitors of
similar results and finally the
propositions with various options in
As for the Great Prize of Belgium,
Spa circuit should be noted that it is
quite complex and is that there is usually
rain and too much sun during all
careers which requires a
good tire handling daniel ricciardo
was the winner in the 2014 edition
but do not rule out Finnish
kimi raikkonen who won it already in
four editions
louis hamilton won in 2010 in
spa-francorchamps but in three of the
last four tests in this circuit
has had to retire
sebastian vettel is now at 41 points
for the leadership of the cereal and to 21 of
nico rosberg for the second location
let's talk now about the football of the series
because in Italy the
rubber and orientan and milan have the
highlight party of the week and it
will face these two teams that in the
last four have finished on the line
of the losses the fiorentina sum three
consecutive seasons ending in
the fourth place of the general in the
series while the milan was the
third three years ago seventh two ago
and last season ended in the
tenth site however not all are
bad news and that is that every time
Visit the Artemio Franchi
well has won in five of the past
eight visitor commitments to the
fiorentina with two draws and one solo
triumph of the fiore that was the year
passed by a score of 2 to 1 we give a
step now england because in london
is going to play on this day number 3
another classic the arsenal receives the
liverpool will be match 151 of by
life in the premier league between both the
Arsenal takes the hand but also say
that the average of so many historical between
both when measured
from 2.72 I go to the last four
matches between arsenal and liverpool have
been high webber with an average of 4.5
goals for commitment also have to
highlight that in the last three duels
made at the emirates stadium have
been triumphs for the arsenal with 8
goals in favor for just 2 against
we also remind you that this end of
week the activity of the
preseason of the nfl and you can
forecast live the same as in each
entrance and in every baseball game of
the big leagues
find us on facebook we are also
on twitter as marillion under makers
the lion will see crisis you place it
as to see gray intl and we remind you that
You can read the articles related to
bets on the main page of
bed crisis the one of emilio lions of a
server Juan Pablo Faryl and the whole
the people who write day by day also
We invite you to participate in our
social networks with the various
promotions and to comment the matches with
the hashtag betclic
a pleasure that has accompanied us to
name of Juan Palomar and we invite you to
next week to continue forecasting
with 22